- Obviously, there was a large focus
in this course on the development side of secure coding.
But I want to emphasize a little
about how you can leverage this knowledge
to positively impact your culture.
First and foremost in my mind is education.
If you have seen any of my other courses
or heard me speak,
you should get a feeling
that I am all in on education.
This course may be the start for you in secure coding
and security in general,
but please don't make it the last.
You have to start living this stuff
at least a little in order to really grasp
the full reality of it.
Follow blogs and Twitter
because that is how you will hear
of the new attacks you may need to react to.
If you hear of a vulnerability the day it is announced
and the component you use,
you will have the information to fix the issue
before it becomes one for you,
assuming of course you weren't hit before the announcement.
You also need to test your own skill sub.
Try and execute a few attacks every now and then.
Practice reading buggy code
and practice fixing it.
These skills alone will make you better at peer reviews.
You also need a dose of humility.
This is a very important aspect
of working in security in my opinion,
and one that I personally struggled with a lot,
especially at first.
You will not know everything there is to know.
You will make mistakes.
Just own it.
It will make you a better developer,
a better secure developer,
and honestly a better person.
You also need to be the change agent for your team.
Development is hard, we know that.
Security is even harder,
but a champion will help the the team
more than any mandate pushed down from above.
You may inspire others to start down the path with you.
The most important aspect, however,
is to apply this knowledge often.
Look at code reviews from The Security Mindset,
look at development tasks and designs
and try to break them,
look at risks and ensure they're properly mitigated.
Question behavior that seems to put your company
or your customers at risk.
Be the champion.